it is precisely this medium so I
today I come with a video that
going to talk acne again so I
look on this topic actually because
during the month of january february I
had a new skin problems and
especially acne actually it's because
of a misstep that I used and which
did not suit me at all
toddlers and a lot of problems of
dryness the button that more stress
exam stress of my internship
as part of my studies the cold of
winter has made my skin
catastrophic during this period
so suddenly I'm directly
go back to my dermatologist to see
I did not want it to get worse
even if it did not really
to worsen in the nose use pub
foundation but in case I
preferred to go see a dermatologist
Besides, that's what I give you
as first advice is to go see
a dermatologist anne a dermatologist
then will give you the drug care
adequate cream
so I had two way so me
again taken what is is achievable
I had a lot of questions about
to this antibiotic so it has not hurt
of you actually ask me if I
included capsules a day
yes me it is the prescription that
I had
now it's true that in the record
it is stated that for adults
can take capsules each day where
it is stated that for Guinea it is
one capsule a day for three months
manas it may well depend on the type
of acne the age of the person of your
age to you and
I do not know what type of acne and the age of
the thin person teen throw it's
logical kate as your
dermatologist prescribes a dose
less than what I'm going to
take
so then my dermatologist told me
given a lotion she herself
she who noted the formula and this is the
pharmacist who made the lotion so
to know that we help you because
that I do not know if they do not have
name in fact but a big one it's just a
motion that serves to clean my skin is
went toey correctly all the buttons
before applying the cream
so if you have a cleansing care
you can use that the main
it is that the skin is clean
before applying the cream then the
cream that I had to use these benza
that in 5% gel so that's a cream
it's a little bit about the video
previous is a little in style
adrian et al but sincerely if i have
make a comparison because I have
reuse tianian at the beginning before going
see my dermatologist
but it is true that it is false but
between you the world there are traces
and scars somehow more
far from the redness after the disappearance
of the button
it is true that with Algerian cabinet is not
also not on all the buttons on
some
on the other hand with balzac I did not have this
problem
so if you used jay z and that
it did not have any positive results on
you find that it is not enough
strong maybe go get dany zac
so it's also in the pharmacy
it is without a medical prescription and
I think the price must be more or
less in the same as axial sorting
of these between 12 and 14 euros some
something something for the 6 for
application
so it's a cream like that here it is
so in fact we have to put some
dinner only after having
studied the skin is in very thin layers
and this only on the buttons that it
was a bit like triac nehal but
awesome actually you had to put some
really pretty much of course every button
here in fact you just have to put one
very thin layer
I think after two or three
applications or two or three days the
turning knob really to shrink and
to disappear but completely so
line leaves no scar no
redness yeah so I do not know if
you have other questions anyway
than ask them in this video in the
previous video about on acne or so
simply by message you want
responded to all those who sent me
messages comments etc
you all thank you for having
referred to in my videos to have me
supported also at the beginning a lot who
supported me so thank you for that and
this is jean marc is often very soon
with another video that will talk about
redness of the skin and especially of
prose because I'm hooked
prose and I'll talk I had the
indications for the products used
in particular to reduce the
redness and also how
get rid completely since actually
you have to do vascular laser and
normally I'm supposed to have detected
two errors this qr and so I'll talk about it
related video and even finish I you
thanks for watching it if you have
questions you want to do in
this video there are comments
any information in relation to the product
that I used you can
consult in the
the information just below the
video and if you want more
information about tetra lease
garlic and every Christmas I advise you
to see our video via this link
thank you goodbye
subscribe to my channel by clicking here
watch my previous video by clicking
there or so go directly to
my chain